Webpack: additional resources (#25103)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/webpack.md

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">

> 1. Go through [this tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IG4UmULyoA). An excellent, concise tutorial that explains the most important things. Follow with an example in the video!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Watch and follow along with [Fireship's Module Bundlers Explained video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IG4UmULyoA) to get a great overview and some hands on experience with webpack.
```
